Welcome to the FOSSBot platform!
Today
We're going to learn how to control our FOSSBot in the simulator.
It's going to be fun and easy.
So let's get started!
First of all
Let's talk about some basic commands to make our robot move.
Remember
You can pause the video anytime and try the commands yourself.
To start we have the just move command
This command lets our robot move in the direction
we tell it to until we stop it
We can choose to move it
forward or backward
Next, we have the move step command
This one is cool because it moves our robot one step at a time
Just tell it to go forward or backward
And it will take a single step in that direction
If we want our robot to move a bit more
We can use the move forward distance command
This makes our robot move forward by a specific distance we choose
Just tell it how far to go
From moving backward we have the move reverse distance command
It works just like the forward command
But our robot will go backward instead
Just tell it the distance
And off it goes
To stop our robot we use the stop command
Just say stop
And the robot will stop moving simple right
Now
Let's learn how to turn our robot
The rotate 90 command will make a robot turn 90°
We can make it turn left
Left or right
If we want a smaller turn
We use the rotate 45
Five Command
This will turn our robot 45° to the left or right
For even more control we have the rotate degrees command
This lets us choose any angle for our robot to turn
Just tell it the number of degrees and
And it will turn that much
To make tiny adjustments we can use rotate clockwise and rotate counterclockwise commands
Each of these will turn our robot just degree
Clockwise means to the right and counterclockwise means to the left
Lastly we have the just rotate command
This one lets our robot keep turning in the direction we choose either left or right
And remember when we use the move forward step
Move backward step
rotate 90, rotate45
commands the robot will wait until it's done moving before it does anything else
That's it for now
Try out these commands and see how your fault moves
Have fun exploring and learning